I'm dr. BBQ four fire cooker calm this
is another recipe I'm going to do today
it's it's grilled bratwurst with beer
butter and onions and I've added a
little garlic to this one too I do it a
little different than most folks I don't
like the idea of simmering my brats in
beer me you're making kind of bratwurst
soup that you're not going to eat I like
to do it a little different the way I
start out is with the butter in the pan
on my grill and then I add the onions
three big onions for a pan full of brats
cuz they're gonna cook way down and
today I'm adding a little bit of garlic
to it you're not gonna hurt anything
probably not mandatory but I like doing
that so I'm gonna let these cook for a
little while in the butter because
they're gonna take a little bit longer
than the bratwurst it's been about 15
minutes nice third these onions a couple
times they're getting pretty softened up
now looking good so I'm gonna add this
Guinness to them you can use lighter
beer if you want but the dark beer works
out pretty well it gives a nice nice
dramatic entrance they use what you got
laying around you know I usually look in
the back of the fridge and find a beer
that I never got around to drinking and
put that one in there but the Guinness
is gives it a nice deep flavor it's a
good way to go with the bratwurst so
I'll stir that back up and I'll put the
bratwurst on I'm putting these brats on
I'm gonna cook them but I'm not that
worried about getting them done inside
because I'm gonna what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna brown these bratwurst up now and
then I'm gonna take them and drop them
into the the bath there with the beer
and onions everything a little bit I'll
be hot by that so as they get colored up
and looking good I'm not that worried
about them being completely done on the
inside cuz they're gonna finish cooking
in there we'll be right back okay he's
been cooking for a while it's probably
been about 10-15 minutes as you can see
I've got some of them already in here in
the bath with the onions of the beer
then you put them in as they're ready
you know they don't all get done at the
same time these last few will go in now
they're looking pretty good and again
you don't have to worry so much about
him getting all done push them down in
if they're not done quite on the inside
yet that's okay because I'm gonna cook
them a little bit more I'm gonna cover
them with foil
and close the lid and then I'm going to
let them cook for about 20 minutes with
the foil on and then I'm gonna take the
foil off because I want those onions and
beer to reduce down so I want to get
done I've got the brats laying in there
with sort of a creamy onion beer mixture
we'll see him in a few minutes all right
then I cooked him for about 20 minutes
with the foil on and then I took the
foil off and it's been about another 15
or 20 and you see how they're all it's
kind of rendered down now and the onions
are all creamed out those brats are
soaking in that beer and onions and
garlic beautiful we serve them up really
pretty easy serving just a bun potato
chips my white socks Comiskey Park plate
and they honor a baseball you know
bratwurst and baseball kind of goes
together well grabbed a little bit of
these onions out of the pan they're
cooked down pretty hard but it makes for
a nice plate if you like to put mustard
on them go ahead it's not really my
thing so I'm gonna eat mine just like
this this is my beer my bratwurst cooked
with beer butter and onions for rocket
for fire cooker calm if you do recipes
right here on the page you can see it
and you can press that little button and
print it off for yourself and go on and
cook it for yourself I'm dr. BBQ four
fire cooker calm